---
ID: 377
post_title: Company history
author: rosalie de canaga
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://35.184.206.37/index.php/company-overview/company-history/
published: true
post_date: 2016-01-07 04:23:21
---
[vc_row css=".vc_custom_1459505865030{margin-bottom: 100px !important;}"][vc_column width="3/4"][vc_single_image image="2388" img_size="full" css=".vc_custom_1452141433663{margin-bottom: 46px !important;}"][vc_column_text css=".vc_custom_1455883809051{margin-bottom: 50px !important;}"]
<h2>company history</h2>
Consulting WP has a long and storied history in the world of finance. We have been pioneers in the industry for many years and are known for taking innovative steps. We are very proud of our achievements and all the people who led us here.[/vc_column_text][stm_company_history][stm_company_history_item year="1985" title="start with a small service" description="This was the time when we started our company. We had no idea how far we would go, we weren’t even sure that we would be able to survive for a few years. What drove us to start the company was the understanding that we could provide a service no one else was providing."][stm_company_history_item year="1990" title="first employees" description="This was the first period when Consulting WP actually felt like it would stick around for a while. We realized we were growing more stable and expanding at the same time. We needed a new office as we had severely outgrown the last one. We started scouting for a new location."][stm_company_history_item year="2001" title="first recognition" description="By this time we were a well known name within the industry. We had been prominent members of the industry for more than 16 years and worked for some of the biggest clients in the industry; we weren’t dismissed by anyone because we could not be dismissed by anyone."][stm_company_history_item year="2015" title="consulting wp — corporation or family" description="Our journey has only brought us higher. Information Technology completely changes the way we analyze and present data. We have embraced new technologies and have ensured that our clients receive cutting edge analytics. As we go on towards the future we intend to exploit the full potential of new technologies to power our services."][/stm_company_history][/vc_column][vc_column width="1/4"][stm_sidebar sidebar="311"][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row full_width="stretch_row" css=".vc_custom_1459505959648{margin-bottom: -60px !important;}" el_class="third_bg_color"][vc_column][vc_cta h2="Looking for a First-Class Business Plan Consultant?" h2_font_container="font_size:20px|color:%23ffffff|line_height:24px" h2_use_theme_fonts="yes" shape="square" style="flat" add_button="right" btn_title="get a quote" btn_style="flat" btn_color="theme_style_2" btn_align="right" btn_i_align="right" btn_i_icon_fontawesome="fa fa-chevron-right" use_custom_fonts_h2="true" btn_link="url:%23||" btn_add_icon="true" el_class="third_bg_color" css=".vc_custom_1459505851233{margin-bottom: 0px !important;}"][/vc_cta][/vc_column][/vc_row]